Update contributing (#1)
nephila/contributing: contributing.md

    PYTEST_ARGS=" -s  tests/test_plugins.py::PluginTest -p no:warnings" tox -epy37-django30-cms37

### Pull Request Guidelines

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

#. Pull request must be named with the following naming scheme:

   `<type>/(<optional-task-type>-)<number>-description`

   See below for available types.

#. The pull request should include tests.
#. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated.
   Documentation must be added in `docs` directory, and must include usage
   information for the end user.
   In case of public API method, add extended docstrings with full parameters
   description and usage example.
#. Add a changes file in `changes` directory describing the contribution in
   one line. It will be added automatically to the history file upon release.
   File must be named as `<issue-number>.<type>` with type being:

   * `.feature`: For new features.
   * `.bugfix`: For bug fixes.
   * `.doc`: For documentation improvement.
   * `.removal`: For deprecation or removal of public API.
   * `.misc`: For general issues.

>    Check `towncrier`_ documentation for more details.

Reviewer: still needs fix

Author: @yakky Sorry, missed it. Fixed :)

* Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that contributions
  are welcome :)

#### Add Translations

All translations are handled by `transifex <https://app.transifex.com/nephila/>`_.

If you want to contribute on translations, request an access to our `transifex` team and we'll add you
as soon as possible.

### Get Started!

Ready to contribute? Refer to the project `Get Started!` section of `CONTRIBUTING.rst`
to set up your environment for local development. 

We use, for most projects, this set of packages:

> - `bumpversion`_

Reviewer: links must be updated to use markdown syntax, original document is in REST format

Author: @yakky Should be fixed now

- `towncrier`_
- `invoke`_
- `tox`_

You may want to install them in the global environment::

    pip3 install --user bump2version towncrier invoke tox

#### Development tips

Most of the projects allows you to use `pre-commit <https://pre-commit.com/>`_ to ensure an easy compliance
to the project code styles.

> If you want to use it, install it globally (for example with `pip3 install --user precommit`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use it, install it globally (for example with `pip3 install --user pre-commit`,
```

Author: @yakky Right. Fixed
